You
Still blaming me
And I dare not
You blame me
I Love You
Really?
The love of the imperial family is too scattered
Qinzhou National Expedition
How about us?
More concerned about the survival of people's livelihood
Who cares who can defend the country?
I care who can make great contributions
I know the weakness in my bones
That's why the seasons are like this
Raging from the vital point
To the sorrow of the people
i
Failed to protect this dynasty
Maybe.
The taste of making people displaced
Not feeling good.
In fact, I know everything during this time
But you can't do anything.
So
I plan to work for this country
Looking for a suitable successor
Hey
You are